Hello, everyone so in this episode I will be talking about the development cycle for 
a game I had made back in 2021, which when the development physically started.

So before I started my vocational qualification, I was developing a nordic style
JRPG Like game on my ASUS Laptop. (I was using a TUF FX 405 or something like that).
This was back when I religously used UE4 to make stuff in it.

The game would start off with you being locked in a cold, dark cell. Where upon
awakening you had to escape and find your way out of the prison. On your way
you would encounter Draugr guards that you would have to kill. 

You would get to the courtyard and find the main weapon you would use in the game.
The Jotunbane a sword that emanated ice elemental energy.

You would defeat waves of draugr and then get out into a small village. Where
you headed to the first out of eight dungeons in this build. 

Upon completing this dungeon, you would take a boat to a nearby city Sanheim. 
Which would lead you to your next dungeon the Highwind Castle. There you would encounter 
new enemies like Highwind Immortals and of course Valhalla Slammers. After getting
to the Valhalla Gate, which you cannot access. You will return only to find 
the Inn has been torched by a fire gigas which you will have to fight.

Now with this game, one of its main flaws is I made it way too repetitive.
As you were constantly engaging in the same loop, making the game get boring 
at times. If I were to do this all over, I would space out the combat and make 
more variety in terms of tasks inside each dungeon.

While the combat did have some diversity (with the throwing axe you get later on and the magic)
I would have made the underlying systems for that and the overall progression deeper. 

Let me explain...

Dragon Unity did have a decent starting point for a progression system which as you
progressed through the game in a linear fashion your skill tree would progress along with you.
On your journey.

There were active and passive skills (passives did not really do anything and were there to simulate progression)

Also there were un implemented ideas such as Valhalla which (Valhalla's Gate mentioned before) was a multiplayer zone/PVP Area. 
Alongside a expansion called Winterstorm. Which featured two female protagonists Mitsui and Syra who were a part of the Winterseal guard.
That is as far as I got with some sprites drawn and processed...

Anyway I will talk more about other projects I have made, this is just a brief retrospective 
thank you for reading :)
